Added new kb article chart-kb-customize-separate-markers (#2422)
telerik/blazor-docs: knowledge-base/chart-customize-separate-markers.md

---
title: Configuring Individual Markers in a ScatterLine Chart
description: Learn how to customize markers for specific data points in a ScatterLine Chart to highlight them as special.
type: how-to
page_title: How to Customize Markers for Specific Data Points in ScatterLine Chart
slug: chart-kb-customize-separate-markers
tags: charts, blazor, scatterline, markers, customization
res_type: kb
ticketid: 1666618
---

## Environment

<table>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>Product</td>
<td>Charts for Blazor</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

## Description

I need to configure a ScatterLine Chart so I can control the marker used for each data point independently. I want to mark some points as "special". 

This KB article answers the following questions:
- How to mark specific data points in a ScatterLine Chart as special?
- How to customize separate markers in a Blazor ScatterLine Chart?
- How to use different markers for special data points in a ScatterLine Chart?

## Solution

The marker type is defined per series level, so it is not possible to set different markers for the different data points out of the box.

> To achieve the desired result of marking specific data points as "special", follow these steps:

Reviewer: It's not very likely for developers to google by "desired result". If you value the "achieve" word, you can place it somewhere else in a simpler structure.

```suggestion
To mark specific data points as "special", follow these steps:
```

> 1. Use a Chart type with lines for the first series and provide it with all available data points (for example, [ScatterLine]({%slug components/chart/types/scatterline%})).

Reviewer 2: These links don't seem right. Please, double-check them. This applies to the link below as well.

Reviewer 3: These look like relative links but are in fact slugs - https://github.com/telerik/blazor-docs/blob/master/components/chart/types/scatter.md?plain=1#L5 and https://github.com/telerik/blazor-docs/blob/master/components/chart/types/scatterline.md?plain=1#L5

                     Data="@Series2Data"
                     Color="blue"
                     XField="@nameof(ModelData.X)"
                     YField="@nameof(ModelData.Y)">
            <ChartSeriesMarkers Type="ChartSeriesMarkersType.Square" />
        </ChartSeries>

    </ChartSeriesItems>

    <ChartXAxes>

        <ChartXAxis Max="100">
            <ChartXAxisLabels Format="{0}m"></ChartXAxisLabels>
        </ChartXAxis>
    </ChartXAxes>

    <ChartYAxes>
        <ChartYAxis Max="100">
            <ChartYAxisLabels Format="{0}%"></ChartYAxisLabels>
        </ChartYAxis>

    </ChartYAxes>
</TelerikChart>

@code {
    private List<ModelData> Series1Data = new List<ModelData>()
    {
        new ModelData() { X = 10, Y = 10 },
        new ModelData() { X = 15, Y = 20 },
        new ModelData() { X = 20, Y = 25 },
        new ModelData() { X = 32, Y = 40 },
        new ModelData() { X = 43, Y = 50 },
        new ModelData() { X = 55, Y = 60 },
        new ModelData() { X = 60, Y = 70 },
        new ModelData() { X = 70, Y = 80 },
        new ModelData() { X = 90, Y = 90 },
    };

    private List<ModelData> Series2Data = new List<ModelData>()
    {

>         //these are the duplicated points that you want to change the symbol for. They are also contained in the data of the first chart, so the line follows the correct curve according to these points' values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // These are the duplicated points that you want to change the symbol for.
        // They are also contained in the data of the first Chart series, so the line follows the correct curve according to these points' values
```

        new ModelData() { X = 15, Y = 20 },
        new ModelData() { X = 43, Y = 50 }
    };

    public class ModelData
    {
        public int X { get; set; }
        public int Y { get; set; }
    }

}
````

## See Also

> * [ScatterLine Chart Overview]({%slug components/chart/types/scatterline%})

Reviewer 2: Double-check the links here.

Reviewer 3: Same as above.
